this quote of this freaking episode I'm
going to protect my own each on and I'm
going to protect the city continues to
press a freakin teddy bear fist or foot
to the ground and that causes a nuke in
the city good protection Kazumi but
wassup set this episode proves to me how
much i am going to really enjoy this
series we get to see the introduction of
the main villain medusa we get to see a
bunch of crazy fights like a freaking
teddy bear bunny smack mellon wrestling
match of freaking Godzilla Titanic
proportions this episode witch craft
works each episode it's a managing to
impress me with what imagines do I get
so much shakugan no shana vibes from
this a lot of people say they don't and
now let me explain my people why I do
did we got pretty much the main female
character in the main male character you
kinda just act like youjizz shona pretty
much you got freaking youichi as you
talk of Mia that's weak male character
that really can't defend itself and when
you got kagari that's the strong main
freakin female character that uses fire
like Shauna and is freaking protecting
the main male character so I like a lot
the way the pairing is is that just
because a shocking no Shana vibes from
it it's because of a love unique
storytelling of the series and
especially the characters if they don't
feel so flat as characters I mean what
I'm talking about is you probably fought
him a sexual joke when I said that but
anyways I actually are thinking of them
as they actually do have some
personality kagari she seems to be
rather emotionless at this moment in the
series but she has really I guess out
their personality as we could see she
really cares for talking me up for some
reason we don't still know this on why
she cares for him but you've got to love
the comedy antics between the tower
witches break the workshop witches and
the way the battling scenes work out the
way they manage to incorporate that
freaking CGI especially with the teddy
bear freaking bunny rabbit fight now the
first episode you all know why I
probably really loved the episode it was
because of the freaking rabbit
mechanical rabbits that were just you
know about to clean freaking talking me
his head off but getting to see a
gigantic forget rabbit in this finding a
freaking giant teddy bear just say is so
weird I you know
what's so funny and awkward about this
entire conversation is literally just
that literally yesterday there was
actually an episode tonari no seki-kun
there was actually a teddy bear and a
freakin Bunney actually biting each
other and go so that is really weird how
to these actual episodes are completely
different from each other i had almost
the exact same elements of these two
creatures fighting so i'll find that
really weird but besides those little
aspects right there this episode a
really great animation quality great
music alum Medusa I mean we didn't get
to see much ever but all we can see is
she's a really dangerous fret and that
she is really strong she's been like
locked up and contained by the workshop
wishes it seems and she breaks out which
is pretty cool so we got an actual crazy
freaking actual enemy hopefully she
won't be like a daggit a villain like
for instance she's you know week like we
see all the other tower witches and
speaking of the tower witches you call
training in your meetings when you go
into your meetings you literally start
singing a karaoke no wonder they're not
break it strong know what are they
getting freakin destroyed by freakin
Kagari I mean it's obvious now I mean
when you're sitting on your knees like
just singing the song yet of course
you're not gonna improve your skills but
i love it i love the comedy in this
series its just oh man this series is so
good I cannot believe what crap works is
this great I don't know I take this back
I cannot believe this anime season is so
freaking great there's so many anime
this season that I am loving that I
never would have expected I thought the
season was going to be kind of dope but
the season shot me and I'll give a witch
craft works hands down is by far
probably one of my favorite actual
fantasy I guess you know magical anime
of this season it is definitely
something different I don't see a lot in
type of anime industry we don't get to
see stuff like this lon and this Jonah
and so when we got these different
elements adding together with these
different characters that are normally
not shown especially with a week male
character it's something cool and then
when you mix in a little bit of I guess
it looks like there's gonna be a I guess
I love triangle you notes like a bean
love trial we got like them talking me a
sister Kasumi actually fighting over
ownership over or brother to be able to
watch over him to keep him safe from the
actual tower witches which is cool I
like it that is you know standard cliche
crap from a sister and an anime but it
is
really cool getting to see this because
it'll a different perspective of Kagari
personality get to see how she really
acts around this and since at the end
she reveals that she wants to actually
live and or live near freakin talk to me
or live in the same house with him I was
really shocked about that was like oh my
what is gonna happen now now when I
first saw this stuff first episode I
remember pretty much making this was
gonna turn into a harem it still has the
potential to turn into a harem it
doesn't mean that'll be crappy or a
shitty anime but it means they could go
off track very freaking fast if they
decide to ruin this so there's a lot of
different elements they could take to
completely destroy the series and make
the series freaking badass and become a
really great series it all depends that
they want to adapt the light novels I
don't know what the light novels are
really good or not it's like I said I
don't read those light novels I didn't
know about the series until started
airing as an anime but honestly witch
craft works is so engaging of a series
because they do something so random at
so many different moments in just the
way like I said that just the best
moments of this episode was the frickin
wrestling match and just okay pretty
much though I love this episode this is
gonna be the end of my anime review and
tell me what you think about this
episode what do you think about
everything what you think about the
freaking plots you know with Medusa
getting introduced the tower which is
sucking at brick and defeated Kagari and
her just destroying everything in her
path Tony to be honest episode I hope
y'all wonderful they're not ready you
live please stay safe gdl